Mini-Apps related Qs added to Accordion (#1209)
lukso-network/docs: docs/learn/mini-apps/connect-upprovider.md

---
sidebar_label: '🔌 Connect to a Mini-App'
description: 'How to connect your Mini-App using the UP Provider'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Connect to a Mini-App

<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-27 at 14 15 22" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7f0b7875-c402-440d-b77f-935cf90f241d" align="right" />

## What are Mini-Apps?

> Mini-Apps are dApps that run in an iframe of a parent page that hosts them. [universaleverything.io](https://universaleverything.io) is such a website. You can see examples of Mini-Apps in action at [the app-store profile](https://universaleverything.io/0x7b258dD350227CFc9Da1EDD7f4D978f7Df20fD40).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mini-Apps are dApps that run in an iframe of a parent page that hosts them. You can see [examples of Mini-Apps in action on universaleverything.io](https://universaleverything.io/0x7b258dD350227CFc9Da1EDD7f4D978f7Df20fD40).
```

## The Challenge with Mini-Apps

Traditionally, users would need to connect to each Mini-App individually through:

- Connect buttons
- Web3 modals
- WalletConnect processes

> This makes the user experience cumbersome and frustrating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes the user experience cumbersome.
```

## Introducing the UP Provider

The [up-provider](../../tools/dapps/up-provider/getting-started) solves this by giving Mini-Apps a way for the user visiting the parent page, to connect to the Mini-App directly with one-click.

> **Additionally**, the Mini-App has access to `context addresses`, which in the case of [universaleverything.io](https://universaleverything.io) is the Universal Profile under which the Mini-App is hosted.

Reviewer: Suggest emphasizing another part of the sentence. Also worth mentioning the grid?

```suggestion
Additionally, **the Mini-App has access to `context addresses`**, which in the case of [universaleverything.io](https://universaleverything.io) is the Universal Profile under which the Mini-App is hosted in the Grid.
```
